== Welcome to Cuprium!

Cuprium is an OSS software suite for managing credit unions. It is written in Ruby on Rails, version 3.2.

It will only work with PostgresSQL as the database, we decided to go for a secure, enterprise-class database.

This is an OSS project and will be released under the GPL. We will be following the standard model and offering support, training and consultancy.

This is a public repository and we welcome suggestions and criticisms, as long as they are made with a good, helpful heart.

For more information please contact us through the github issues tracker.

This is a very young project and we are extremely busy getting the first Alpha edition up. So we may take a while to reply.

Cuprium is designed to be

* secure
* easy to use
* fully web enabled
* fully supportive of mobile services
* multilingual
* accessible to users with visual impairments
* quickly adaptable to match the needs of the users
* compatible with open standards and protocols
* extensible
* robust and resilient
* able to grow to meet long-term needs
* fully transparent to security analysts

Cuprium can be adapted quickly to interface to network infrastructures, reporting systems and any automated access service the banking industry may choose to make available.

Cuprium is Free & Open Source software released under the GPL. All modifications distributed are fed back to the user community for its common benefit. Furthermore, such a software model ensures that the system will survive regardless of the fortunes of any company involved in its development or support.

Cuprium can be modified or extended by any programmer, whether employed by a vendor of by a Credit Union or groups of CUs.

Cuprium can provide a common framework through which third party companies can provide support and training services.

Thanks

The Cuprium team.

Cuprium CIC is a private Community Interest Company registered in England and Wales.
